#120 Days Into Learning How to Learn
So I finally finished my first [Learn.co](https://learn.co) project yesterday,
exactly 120 days after starting the program. I am 35% through the program. My initial goal was to complete the program in 5 months, figuring that I could put in 60 hour weeks, non stop for those 5 months. My wife and my body, told me otherwise. I found it almost impossible to sit at my desk for 12 hours a day, five days a week.

## Coding a Simple Game is Quite Hard
When I first started my [TicTacToe](https://github.com/churchwerks/ttt-with-ai-project-v-000) project, I approached it like I do all my lab work. I read the lab outline and then dove right into writing code to pass the Rspec tests. 60 hours of coding later, I have determined that I am no longer going to take that approach.
The main problem with my old approach is that although it is perfectly okay for simple and/or medium difficulty labs, for complex and/or hard labs, it fails miserably. The reason why it fails for me in these instances, is that I need to begin a code session with the end in mind. For example, for the smaller/easier labs, the goal is just pump at code that gets the task done. The task in these cases is to pass the Rspec tests and submit the lab. For the TicTacToe project, the goal was to create a working Command Line Interface (CLI) TicTacToe game, with artificial intelligence. A totally different beast, that required a different approach than what I had been doing. Unfortunately, as I will explain below, I did not recognize that fact, until much to late in my coding process.
